Good morning family. How are y'all doing
today? I'm excited to be with you. I have
some things on my heart to talk to
you
about. I went to a church
service last night and it was
amazing—exactly
what I'm looking for. The
Spirit of the Lord moved, and
the presence of the Lord was so
amazing. The atmosphere
was charged with His glory. I
just want to tell you about it a little
bit. My son went and he got a
touch from the Lord. My wife—we all were
blessed. We were blessed
by this church service. It's
nice to just go in there and
get to drink,
get refreshed. It was
just awesome. I know there's
many more to come.
Collinsville, Oklahoma is the
Hiding
Place; I'm telling y'all,
Jesus is doing something huge at
Collinsville, Oklahoma. I'm
just human.
Like I said, I'm
just real with you.
I've got issues and
I work through them. We work out
our salvation with fear and trembling. I
try every single day to walk the best
I can. I'm hungry
and thirsty just like everybody else.
I sit in the back and I just want to
be a sponge. I sit in the
very back row a lot of times and I just
watch and see if I see any angelics or
angelic visitations.
I don't go to the front; a
lot of times I like to see if
there's ministering spirits coming in
to bless the congregation, because that's
what happens a lot. In this
case, I was just worshiping because the
worship was phenomenal. The glory of
the Lord came in with the worship.
I was sitting in the back, like I said,
and I had my head down and all of a
sudden Jesus appeared to me in
an open-eyed
vision. He
came
to me and he
was this close—this close to me.
He was just observing me, but
he was smiling; he had a huge smile on
his face, like he was laughing, and he was
just enjoying the service. He was
looking down at me.
He never spoke, but
all of a sudden I was in
the Spirit. I
looked
down and I saw
a crown—a
beautiful crown full of rubies.
It had diamonds all
around this onyx-looking stone.
My first initial thought was,
'Wow, onyx is dark. It's a black
stone. That's kind of
evil.'But
the Lord heard my
thoughts and He spoke to me. He
said, 'Brandon, I created all colors.
I created everything richly for you to
enjoy, son. Black onyx—I made that
stone; it's here from
Me.'I
was blessed by
what He said because it changed my
opinion about black onyx stone.
I was looking at
this
crown, but standing in front of the
King of Kings, my heart instantaneously
was like, 'Oh, I want to give You something.
I want to honor You with
something.'I
looked down and I didn't have anything
on me other than just me.
I thought
I'd
just give Him me, but I was like, 'I want to
give more'because I'm standing in front
of the King of Kings. In the vision, I
picked
up that beautiful crown. It had
diamonds wrapped
around each one of those onyx stones, and
there were humongous diamonds all on
this. He said, 'This is your personal
crown. Every one of my children
will have a crown—your
personal crown—when
they come to heaven.'It was
beautiful; there were all
kinds of cool things in that
crown. He told me
He had a crown that's designed for
each individual believer; it's made
special for them with the jewels, and
everything represents something. I
picked up that crown and all I
could do was worship Him
with it by giving it to Him. I took
that crown in the Spirit and I handed it
over to Him. I was just like, 'I just
want to give You an offering. I just want
to give You something
special.'When
you're entering into the
presence of a king, I wanted to bring Him
a gift like the wise men brought Him
gold, myrrh, and frankincense. They
brought Him the gifts because they were
worshiping Him with them. I
thought it was so beautiful. I was casting down
the golden crowns
there. I picked it up in
the Spirit, in
the open-eyed
vision, and I handed it to Him.
That scripture,
'casting down the golden
crowns'—I
didn't have the whole scripture of it,
but I know it's in Revelation, I believe.
It
just echoed inside of
me, and I blessed Him with
it. All He did was just smile with
this love on His face. It was
such
an honor.
He received from me, but I
was like, 'I have nothing of my own to
give You, Lord, other than just me.'But I
gave Him a gift out of something
that He blessed me with.
Then He spoke to me and said, 'Brandon,
I'm bringing a refreshing to my people.
They're thirsty.'There's many of you
watching this video today that
are thirsty for a fresh drink of that
living water. At this moment, waves of His
glory in that vision—whenever
I looked over
and across the front of the church—there
were
waves of His glory, waves
of His presence rolling in. I could
see a beautiful pink, like
a
sunset, with all kinds of beautiful pink
colors. The waves, when they were
coming in, looked like they were glowing
with this pink sunset color.
They were coming over the people
and bringing a refreshing.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to bring a
refreshing over my remnant, over my
people that are seeking Me.'I could
see the waves coming in, and He said, 'As
that wave comes in, I'm going to bring
another one right on the heels
of it.'In
these last days, if you stay close to
the vine, if you
abide in Me and My words remain in you, a
continual refreshing...
you shall ask what you will and it shall
be done. He said, 'I'm bringing a wave
of my glory upon my people—a wave of
refreshing, a continual
refreshing—by
drinking from that cup.'When I talk
about 'Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord,
come and quench,'that's what I'm talking
about—drinking
from
that river of living
water. He said out of your belly
shall flow rivers of living water.
I'm telling you, there's a river of
living water that's going to start to
bubble out
of you as you stay close to Him and you
seek Him daily. He's going to bring a
refreshing over you. So I'm going to
believe God with you today for a fresh
drink of that water. Jesus wants to become real to those in a
place of desperation—those
who are
so hungry and
thirsty and desperate for Him
to touch you in a mighty way. I'm
telling you, Jesus wants to become real
to you and become that fresh
drink for you so that you're not dry and
you're not burned out. There's a
lot of you that are wanting to give up
on things—wanting to give up on ministry,
your marriage,
your children,
your jobs,
whatever—saying,
'I can't take the
pressure anymore; this has become too
hard to keep going
through.'The
Lord wants to give you a fresh touch
today. He told me, 'Brandon, I want
to give my people a
drink.'There's
a lot of you
in
that desperation of saying, 'Hey, I've
been battling this sickness,
this disease,
this depression, anxiety, or fear. How can I
get through this?
I can't go
anymore.'You
keep rehearsing it: 'God, where are You? How
can I get through this?'But I'm telling
you, the Lord told me last night,
'I want to bring a fresh touch on my
people,'and
He wants to bring it now.
I was sitting there,
and like I said, I deal with my own
things. I was believing maybe
next service I'll get my
breakthrough for what I'm believing
for—for
my daughter, Megan. Maybe
next time I'm in church, maybe Megan will
get her full manifestation. Maybe I'll
get my full manifestation of things that
I'm believing for. The Lord stopped
me in that same vision, in that same
experience, and said,
'Brandon, why not
now? Why do you always push off the
miracle for tomorrow when I'm ready to
do it now?'Faith calls those things that
be not as though they are—right now. Why do I always
push off the miracle?
Faith calls it now.
The Lord's not always telling you
it's tomorrow—that in the 'sweet by
and by'you're going to get it.
Receive it now. Abraham staggered not
at the promise of God through unbelief,
but he was strong in faith, believing and
fully persuaded that what God had
promised,
He was able also to perform it.
I want you to believe right now in
your circumstances for your
'now.'Now
faith is the substance of
things hoped for and evidence of things
not seen. 'Now'is the things you're
believing for—not tomorrow, not next
service, not when you get around
another healing minister.
Believe for your
manifestation today.
I'm always having
thoughts like, 'Maybe next time,
maybe a year from now, maybe
my breakthrough will
come.'You're
always
kicking that can down the road that
God's going to do something. But we're
going to believe God for today for your
miracle. We're going to believe God today
for your fresh touch—for a drink that
will fill your cup because
you're lifting it up and quench
the thirsting of your soul. I believe
with all my heart Jesus is the restorer of
all things, that nothing is
impossible for Him. Whatever you put
your hands to will prosper. Whatever
you touch will be blessed because
you're a child of the King. Greater
is He that is in you than he that is in
the world. A thousand shall
fall at your side and ten thousand at your
right hand, but nothing shall come
nigh.
I believe with all my heart Jesus
paid the price for you to walk in
victory from sickness and disease, from
bondage, from addictions. It doesn't
matter what you're going through; there's
nothing too hard
that Jesus can't set you free from. I
believe today is your day. Today is your
day for your miracle. So let's believe
right now together. Whatever you're
believing for, no matter how big it may
seem in your mind, Jesus knows what you
need. I'll
come in agreement with you and believe
for your manifestation.
Father,
I thank You
for every
need.
I
come in agreement with these people
right now. We are
healed now.
Nothing's too big,
nothing's too small. Jesus, I thank You
that You said by Your stripes we are
healed. We
call them
healed now—not tomorrow, not the next
day—but
now.
We call them healed now in
Jesus'name.
We
receive healing over every single
circumstance—healing
and
deliverance from addictions,
sickness, disease,
cancer,
diabetes, heart disease, lung
disease. Jesus paid
the price for you to be healed. We call
you healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus. Now, Satan, take your hands
off of God's property! We command you to
release them now in Jesus'name. We
break Strait satanic strongholds. We
break addictions. We command them to be
broken by Your power, by the
blood that set us free.
Whom the Son has set free is
free indeed. I command healing,
wholeness, and wellness over them in the
name of Jesus. We thank You, Lord, that
no bondage is on them from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet.
Now faith is the
substance of things hoped for and
evidence of things not seen. We call you
healed now in
Jesus'name.
Faith calls those things that be
not as though they were. We call you
healed, well,
and
delivered. We call your marriages
restored, healed, and whole. We call
for
a refreshing over the
children,
a fresh drink of Your living
water over them. Father, let them
realize that
You're good and Your mercy endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness to them,
O
God. Nothing's too big for You to
handle. Father, I thank You for Your
mercy. I thank You that Your mercies are
new every morning.
They may think,
'I'm an old wretched sinner
just saved by grace,'but Father, I thank You
that
You've saved them
and
delivered them. Give them
a confidence of who they are in Christ
Jesus. Let the eyes of their
understanding be enlightened that
they would know the
hope of Your calling. Father, I thank You
that
they are not
beat down with sin anymore;
they are set free by Your
blood and by the word of their
testimony.
I thank You, Holy Spirit,
that You're ministering to
them right now,
showing them how special they
really are. Jesus, You paid the price
for them for love, joy, and peace. You
said, 'Peace I leave with you; my peace I give
to you.'Your
Shalom peace.
We receive that
peace that passes all understanding by
faith
over our households. We receive
joy—joy
unspeakable
and full of Your glory. We take
authority over the spirit of depression
right now in the name of Jesus. I command
it
to break off of them. We call the
serotonin levels to be normal. We call
their dopamine levels to be normal. We
call their hormones to line up in their
body.
I call their brain to
function like it's supposed to and fire
like it's supposed to.
Be whole, be healed, be well
in Jesus'name. We
speak to the serotonin levels to be
normal in
the large and small intestine.
You said, 'Be
anxious for nothing.'Take the care
out of your prayer;
we will take no care. Not only
do we
take the care out of our prayer, but
Father, we are yielded
and
grounded in love because we
realize my Father loves me. If my
Father loves me, He's got me. He's
protecting me.
My Father loves me.
Just practice that
today; say it all day: 'My Father loves
me.'You
may
feel like you're too far gone,
but I'm telling you, perfect
love casts out all fear.
Get that love down inside of you. Say that all day: 'My
Father loves me.
Jesus loves
me.'You've
got to
speak to your mountain. Your mountain has
to hear your voice. Your voice has
an address in the spirit realm. You've
got to decree that out of your mouth, and you speak
to your
circumstances and they will change. I say
it all the time: 'I am anointed to prosper.
I have the ability to
get wealth—not just to hoard it,
but to be a blessing to
others.'My
Father has the cattle on a thousand
hills. I speak blessing and increase over
my finances. I have a supernatural ability
to create wealth
for my home.
I say it
all the time.
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not
want. He
leads me beside still
waters. I will lack no good thing.
I'm a tither, and I have
tithers'rights.
The blessing is on my house, the
blessing is on my dogs, the blessing is
on whatever I put my hands to. He said
whatever I put my hands to prospers.
We prosper
in everything. We
will be
the head and not the tail, above and
not beneath. You've got to start saying
those things. You've got to believe it
and
quote that out of your mouth.
It
might not happen overnight,
but
faith calls those things that be not as
though
they were.
You keep speaking to
it and you're going to see that ship
turn around.
A big
cruise ship takes a long time
to turn,
but
you're going to turn that
boat
around—and
it's not going to sink like the
Titanic. You are going to
change your circumstances by what
you say out of your mouth. Life and death are in
the power
of your
tongue.
What you've been saying out of your
mouth is what you're living today and
what you're going to live tomorrow. But
you start speaking
good things.
Life and death
are
in the power of your
tongue—not
in mine, in yours. That
means
you have the ability to create life
or death
with your words. You might be speaking
all kinds of bad things:
'My husband's no good;
he's a drunk, his daddy was a
drunk, and he's always going
to be a drunk.'Or
'They're always going to be
on
drugs.'What
are you saying out of your mouth? 'I'm
never going to be healed, never going
to be
free.'That's
what you're going to have
because you are
speaking into your life
and
reaping what you're
sowing.
You've
got to
sow
good things and you're going to
start seeing good things in your life.
Most people don't want to
hear that, but you are a product
of what you've
said over the years or what
somebody has spoken over you. Some people
have
been living under word curses.
You've
got to speak to those word curses
and say, 'I condemn those words. You won't
curse me.'Every
tongue that rises against me, I
condemn it; they fall to the ground.
I will not allow that word to
bear fruit in my life. You will not curse
me with your mouth.
Word curses, witches,
warlocks—it
goes back on you
like a
boomerang. It
doesn't
come on me. I'm blessed. You
can't curse whom God has blessed.
I
walk in the blessing and the favor of
the Lord. My children and my wife walk
in the favor of the Lord.
You have to realize who
you are.
Jesus loves you and He doesn't want
any
bad to come on you.
You've got to change those
things, and
the
Holy Spirit will
help you.
It took me
a bulldog determination on a
bone—I'm
not
letting go. I'm going to walk
in
the
blessing, walk in healing,
and
walk in
deliverance.
I've gone too long.
Let me close. I could
talk like this all
day—it's
in me. This
is the way we live.
Put a smile on your face.
Please
subscribe to my channel if you're still
watching.
Comment down below;
tell us where you're watching
from. I'm curious where everybody
is.
Don't tell us your street address—just the state or
country. I like to see
where people are
getting blessed.
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much,
and we love you. We will see you all
next time. God bless you all, bye-bye.